This project provides a fast "database free" way to update a burndown chart

The PHP could of course use classes and the like, this is far from clean.
Feel free to improve by forking. :)


# Usage

* Every day, you can update the file data.php to reflect points burned, User Story points removed and bugs fixing time;
* If you don't want to differentiate points and User Story points, you can remove things related to User Story points;
* If the sprint is unusualy long, the legends might not look really good. You can add the class ".long_sprint" to the "#grid" element.
* Since you might have multiple sprints, you can move "common.css" to an other folder and refer to it accordingly to keep styles consistent whatever modifications are made on the CSS.



# Variables

All variables are defined in the $sprint array.
* number:         number of the current sprint (could be called sprintID);
* days:           amount of days in the sprint;
* points:         total number of points for Tasks commited to during the sprint;
* USPoints:       total number of points for User Stories in the sprint;
* dailyPoints:    array to be updated daily, based on the number of tasks points burned in the previous day;
* dailyUSPoints:  array to be updated daily, based on the number of points for User Stories finished the previous day;
* dailyBugs:      array to be updated daily, based on the time spent on bugs during the previous day.



# Projections

Two projections are are available:
* a global projection: sprint success estimation based on the average points burned since the start of the sprint;
* a local projection:  sprint success estimation based on the points burned during the last day.



# Alternate views

* "burndown_chart_success.php" shows the sprint as if it was successful.
* "burndown_chart_added_hours.php" shows the cumulative hours spent on bug fixing and burned hours. This can explain how much work was globally done, even if the sprint is unsuccessful.
* "burndown_chart_embed.php" is an work in progress to show how a table could be used by the SVG with JS. You'll need to update the header of the SVG file for this to work. (Just add "/*" where necessary)
